###-Overview
The NIST Framework is guidance based on existing standards to help organizations better manage and reduce risk. It is organized into 5 key functions to provide a lifecycle of cyber management.

1) Identify
2) Protect
3) Detect
4) Respond
5) Recover

###-Identify
Development of an orangizational understanding to manage cyber risk to systems, assets, data etc. Basically, we need to understand our own company 
1) Identify critical enterprise processes and assets - What is the most important activities that provide critical functioning for the company?
2) Documentation information flows - Where data is located, and where it flows, from place to place. Where is our data stored and how is it communicated with external partners for example
3) Maintain hardware/software inventory - Keep inventory/spreadsheet of all our hardware and software, so we can keep track of entry points for attackers
4) Establish Cyber Policies - Policies and procedures that describe how cybersecurity acitivites will protect information and systems. i.e. Everyone must use MFA, Passwords have ___ level of complexity etc.
5) Identify threats, vulnerabilities and risk to assets - Ensure risk management processes are established and documented in risk registrars 

###-Protect
Development and implementation of safeguards to ensure services function
1) Manage access to assets and info - Unique accounts per employee. Effective ACLs. Security Groups used appropriately. 
2) Protect sensitive data - i.e. in-transit and at-rest encryption of data. Data is securely destroyed after no more need of it
3) Regular backups - Keep a backup offline & offset
4) Protect end-devices - Host-based F/W, A/V etc., disable unecessary services etc.
5) Management of vulnerabilities - Patching, vulnerability scanners
6) Train users - Layer 8 issues

###-Detect
Develop tools/policies to detect cybersecurity events
1) Test and update detection processes - Develop and test processes and procedures for detected cyber events.  
2) Monitoring of logs - Logs are needed to ID anonmalies. Can be used to detect changes to accounts, permissions, or new communication channels
3) Understand your network's baseline/"normal" traffic - If you know how your enterprise normally functions, you are more likely to recognize anonmalies 
4) Understanding impact of a cyber event - Ensure you can quikcly understand the breadth and depth of the impact of a cyber event 

###-Respond
The ability to take action against a cyber event
1) Ensure response plans are tested
2) Ensure response plans are updated
3) Coordinate with internal and external stakeholders - Our response plans should include external stakeholders as they may be able to contribute to improving the plan and execution. I think this means things like vendors and such we work with? 

###-Recover
Develop and implement the ability to restore capabilities of a service that was impaired due to a cyber event
- Ensure recovery plans are updated - As with response plans, testing execution of the recovery plan to train employees and highlight areas for improvement
- Management public relations & reputation - Consider how you will manage public relations so that your information sharing is accurate, complete for the public, but also minimize dmg to company reputation. 
